Update Rust tutorial & getting started (#3630)
rerun-io/rerun: docs/content/getting-started/logging-rust.md

There are links to other doc pages where you can learn more about specific topics.

At any time, you can checkout the complete code listing for this tutorial [here](https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/tree/latest/examples/rust/dna/src/main.rs) to better keep track of the overall picture.

> To run the the example from the repository, run `cargo run -p dna`.

Author: ```suggestion
To run the example from the repository, run `cargo run -p dna`.
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/pull/3635

For this example in particular, we're going to need all of these:
```toml
[dependencies]
rerun = "0.9"

> itertools = "0.10"

Author: ```suggestion
itertools = "0.11"
```

        .with_radii([0.08]),
)?;
```

Run your program with `cargo run` and you should now see this scene in the viewer:

<picture>
  <img src="https://static.rerun.io/logging_data3_first_points/95c9c556160159eb2e47fb160ced89c899f2fcef/full.png" alt="">
  <source media="(max-width: 480px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/logging_data3_first_points/95c9c556160159eb2e47fb160ced89c899f2fcef/480w.png">
  <source media="(max-width: 768px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/logging_data3_first_points/95c9c556160159eb2e47fb160ced89c899f2fcef/768w.png">
  <source media="(max-width: 1024px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/logging_data3_first_points/95c9c556160159eb2e47fb160ced89c899f2fcef/1024w.png">
  <source media="(max-width: 1200px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/logging_data3_first_points/95c9c556160159eb2e47fb160ced89c899f2fcef/1200w.png">
</picture>

_This is a good time to make yourself familiar with the viewer: try interacting with the scene and exploring the different menus._
_Checkout the [Viewer Walkthrough](viewer-walkthrough.md) and [viewer reference](../reference/viewer/overview.md) for a complete tour of the viewer's capabilities._

### Under the hood

> This tiny snippet of code actually holds much more than meets the eye...

Reviewer: https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/pull/3637

of components that are recognized and correctly displayed by the Rerun viewer.

`Components`

Under the hood, the Rerun [Rust SDK](https://ref.rerun.io/docs/rust) logs individual *components* like positions, colors,
and radii. Archetypes are just one high-level, convenient way of building such collections of components. For advanced use
cases, it's possible to add custom components to archetypes, or even log entirely custom sets of components, bypassing
archetypes altogether.  
For more information on how the rerun data model works, refer to our section on [Entities and Components](../concepts/entity-component.md).

Notably, the [`RecordingStream::log`](https://docs.rs/rerun/latest/rerun/struct.RecordingStream.html#method.log) method
<!-- TODO UPDATE DOC LINKS -->
will handle any data type that implements the [`AsComponents`](https://docs.rs/rerun/0.9.0-alpha.6/rerun/trait.AsComponents.html) trait, making it easy to add your own data.  
For more information on how to supply your own components see [Use custom data](../howto/extend/custom-data.md).

`Entities & hierarchies`

> Note the two strings we're passing in: `"dna/structure/left"` & `"dna/structure/right"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the two strings we're passing in: `"dna/structure/left"` and `"dna/structure/right"`.
```

⚠️  [RRD files don't yet handle versioning!](https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/issues/873) ⚠️

### Spawning the Viewer from your process

Instead of connecting to an external Viewer process, you can also spawn it from your own process.
The main advantage of this is that you no longer need to open up the viewer as a separate process.

This requires the `native_viewer` feature to be enabled in `Cargo.toml`:
```toml
rerun = { version = "0.9", features = ["native_viewer"] }
```

> Doing so means you're building the Rerun Viewer itself as part of your project, meaning compilation may take a lot longer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so means you're building the Rerun Viewer itself as part of your project, meaning compilation will take a bit longer the first time.
```

You can now use [`rerun::native_viewer::spawn`](https://docs.rs/rerun/latest/rerun/native_viewer/fn.spawn.html) to spawn
the native Rerun viewer.

> Since the Viewer's ui thread must be the main thread, this method call will take it over and spawn a new thread for you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Viewer's UI thread must be the main thread, this method call will take it over and spawn a new thread for you:
```
